today is our normal monthly training
with the Michigan militia the
southeastern Michigan violent ear
militia we're doing a survival boat
class we're a lot about we're about a
lot of survival things what to do in
time of disaster time of need you know
different things so basically what we're
doing is we're taking what we have on
our bodies our knives maybe a hacksaw
something like that be able to go in the
woods pick out the proper wood we need
to make a food procurement item we've
got two things we've got a survival bow
and our addle addle which is an
Aborigine spear chucker it's used as a
leverage to throw the spears basically
pre cured meat we've got a gentleman
here from Port Huron that's been
teaching us he's a primitive bow maker
for the last 15 years hunts primitive
style he's shown us how to go out pick
out the woods that we need what kind of
wood to use for making a bow making the
cordage and making the arrows and then
we come back and we've made them and
found that they're very easy to make and
very well-made for the job we'll
probably go into the firing range this
afternoon I'll go down to shoot our
centerfire rifles our number one line of
defense and pistols and whatnot and
that's one of many classes that will be
going on today and a lot of people
thinking well we're just here because we
don't like that government it could be a
foreign invasion you know for example if
cannon though is say for example which
were great friends but say they decided
to invade us where would be an initial
Defence Force for the state of mission
is what would you against invasion
that's a concept it's foreign or
domestic so it doesn't know why we
matter where it comes from we're just
here's a simple Defence Force for the
state I don't know what the media wants
and this just this is just America it's
not a spectacular thing I mean although
America is spectacular this should be
like this parking lot is full be like
this all the time it just should be
normal and in Nilay something up why is
this news that's not most of our gun use
there's more self defense on that
concept
you know it comes down to either foreign
entity or own government coming in and
doing something to us that is
unconstitutional or not just because
where we disagree with it has to be
constitutional that's what the malicious
concept is if you follow the
constitutional law what what exactly is
the militia what do you do and it's hard
to explain the only difference between
us and somebody else's are actually out
your training and doing stuff whether
it's the primitive weaponry for survival
purposes it the use of firearms a lot of
navigation it's just you can be more
independent I'd rather be paranoid and
wrong than be unprepared and with you go
on something actually happens way I look
at